Explain the goals of Jakarta Data and motivate/justify/explain the selected design (#243)
jakartaee/data: spec/src/main/asciidoc/chapters/introduction/introduction.asciidoc

=== Goals

Jakarta Data is a pivotal solution that addresses a fundamental challenge in Java application development: the seamless integration of diverse data sources. This integration is crucial for applications with many databases and storage technologies.

The primary problem Jakarta Data sets out to solve is the complexity and inconsistency that arises when Java applications encounter various database systems—some relational, some NoSQL, and others unique. Managing these diverse data sources can be daunting, often requiring developers to write specialized code for each storage technology.

> Jakarta Data takes this challenge further by enhancing the concept of a "persistence agnostic API" with a Domain-Driven Design (DDD) approach. This approach enables developers to work with different databases and storage engines and align their data access strategies with the core principles of DDD, where the domain model plays a central role in shaping the application's architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jakarta Data combines the concept of a persistence agnostic API with a Domain-Driven Design (DDD) approach. This approach enables developers to work with different databases and storage engines and align their data access strategies with the core principles of DDD, where the domain model plays a central role in shaping the application's architecture.
```

Jakarta Data is guided by a set of clear and well-defined objectives to simplify data integration and enhance data access for Java developers. These objectives serve as the pillars of its design philosophy, ensuring that it addresses real-world challenges and provides concrete advantages to developers:

* **Jakarta Data is engineered to tackle a fundamental problem:** simplifying data access and manipulation within Java applications that interact with diverse databases and storage sources.

> * **Jakarta Data is designed to be "persistence agnostic."** In this context, "agnostic" does not mean "transferable" but implies that Jakarta Data is not tied to a specific database technology. It offers a flexible, adaptable framework that allows you to work with the databases and storage sources that best suit your project's needs. This agnostic approach ensures that Jakarta Data can cater to various use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Jakarta Data is designed to be persistence agnostic.** In this context, agnostic does not mean that you can switch the underlying persistence without changes but implies that Jakarta Data is not tied to a specific database technology. It offers a flexible, adaptable framework that allows you to work with the databases and storage sources that best suit your project's needs. This agnostic approach ensures that Jakarta Data can cater to various use cases.
```
